.TH CHOS "1" "Mar 2004" "chos 0.01" LBL
.SH NAME
chos \- launch a new OS shell
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B chroot
\fR[\fICOMMAND\fR...]
.br
.B chroot
\fIOPTION\fR
.SH DESCRIPTION
.\" Add any additional description here
.PP
Run COMMAND or create a new login shell for a new OS
.TP
\fB\-\-version\fR
output version information and exit
.PP
If no command is given, chos will start a new login shell using the users default
shell.
.SH NOTES
.SS "ENVIRONMENT VARIABLES"
The following environment variables could affect ps:
.TS
lfCW l.
CHOS	Sets the location of the root directory of the desired OS
.TE

.SH AUTHOR
Written by Shane Canon.
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report bugs to <canon@nersc.gov>.
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2004, The Regents of the University of California, through Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory (subject to receipt of any required approvals from the U.S. Dept. of Energy).  All rights reserved.

.br
If you have questions about your rights to use or distribute this software, please contact Berkeley Lab's Technology Transfer Department at  TTD@lbl.gov referring to "procdn (LBNL Ref CR-1972)"

.br
NOTICE.  This software was developed under funding from the U.S. Department of Energy.  As such, the U.S. Government has been granted for itself and others acting on its behalf a paid-up, nonexclusive, irrevocable, worldwide license in the Software to reproduce, prepare derivative works, and perform publicly and display publicly.  Beginning five (5) years after the date permission to assert copyright is obtained from the U.S. Department of Energy, and subject to any subsequent five (5) year renewals, the U.S. Government is granted for itself and others acting on its behalf a paid-up, nonexclusive, irrevocable, worldwide license in the Software to reproduce, prepare derivative works, distribute copies to the public, perform publicly and display publicly, and to permit others to do so.

.SH "SEE ALSO"
chroot(1)
